all right hi everybody welcome to this
week's weekly je s stand up do we have a
volunteer note-taker
I can take notes perfect thank you all
right we are recording so I will go
ahead and kick things off so last week
there was an issue with a updated
release of web RTC star that caused
blocking to break in JSI PFS and started
causing Lib PDP tests to fail that's
been rolled back there's an issue with
block streams and pull block not working
over handshaking so that will need to
get resolved before any of that gets
worked out but that's been rolled back
so that should all be good to go there
is a there's a pending release of Lib
p2p that has some dependency updates I
think David is out this week I don't
know if we have any other npm attainers
for Lib PDP to cut release but we'll be
blocked on that until he gets back next
week and then this week I'll be
continuing with the private network
updates that's mostly finished I just
need to start working on some Interop
tests with go and then we'll also add
some interface tests to the interface
repo does anybody have any questions for
me okay next up picking brain
so I've been working on getting em FS
much that means I've been doing some of
the pull requests that support it so I
found an interesting bug in UNIX a bus
engine where yeah joe sacco fest uses
the readable streams to read a file in
one PFS car converts it into a pool
stream and then cut it out
but the thing is entirely UNIX FS engine
has a pull string that it turned into a
readable stream so that gets then turned
back into a full stream and then and
then read out and there was an educator
the pull-string would have made null in
civets as one of his values which in
reading streams land means the stream
ends so you'd only get half the files
from a directory if there happens to be
an empty father in the directory so that
was interesting
so fix that and a slightly different
problem on Windows and then kind of just
in Windows hell but I'm hoping that this
will not last very long I've got a bunch
of intro tests out as well that have to
test all the hashing pair between
JavaScript and go we should help Mars in
the future but yeah I'm gonna be trying
to get my own investment as week great
anybody have any questions for arcs
awesome pink socks
Vasko
hello last week and I've been new in the
CTL as well as like an s4 CTL I emerged
several PRS and lunch today in your list
so Jacob I think you ate when we are for
that for the mmm fest I guess you have
the realest version recorded for I
pianist I started my OPR for a painting
ultimately basically for now I have an
initial version of CLI and it HTTP
interface we don't leave the required
parameters afterwards I will integrate
the other ones but for now I went just
to add with a simple implementation
right then I started the car
implementation I started going through
all the human tations but it was really
confusing so I had to ping Stephen and
I've been talking with him and they
provided my some really helpful input
information and I'm on my way now
working in the car implementation I will
try to finish the simpler implementation
for this week and I'm not so blocks in
anything right now
any questions for me
awesome awesome apps Tiago so the first
days of this week I was away from people
and I attended Jess conf and then there
was a problem with the flights so I
ended staying there bit more I've been
reviewing stand merging some peers from
Jess ipfs Rio working on some relations
but mainly on the stability and had a
error handling the demon and that's what
I'm gonna do next
this week I'll start to add tests to
reproduce many errors that we got and
then trying to solve them basically but
I I need to talk with the bit about this
I know this is going to be always this
week I had to bring someone else
something I don't know how much you'll
see that's very great everybody have any
questions
thanks for all those the PDP updates in
the switcher place Hugo hi guys so I
also was the gayest conf so it was four
week still some stuff that basically
figured out how to support the create
tab basically was changing one
dependency from A to B switch ideas with
users generators and that doesn't get my
end out by the framework I just switched
Venice for the like with one that wasn't
used in written that's basically the
same interface so I also got done the
testbed for one of my okie ours and
started doing some baseline benchmarks
and building up the smallest most
minimal setup to get files from the
local diamond and also I still have one
PR in a year clocks I think it's mostly
done yes ok I think my computer is
crashing so next week or next I will
continue on on my research regarding the
the big files of PR there's some stuff
that needs to be really carefully
researched
basically right now it's really hard to
it's not that we can't handle big files
but we we have the restriction from the
browser then that's that's what it is
it's really hard to go around it there
are some ways that we can improve
improve but it's really hard but I think
the the biggest problem right now it's
like we we put everything in memory and
the user wants to just get the file
everything gets done all and gets in
memory then awhile in memory it gets
persisted to the indexed me
and defeats like 20 gigabytes file it
just blows up the browser one of the
solutions it's not putting everything in
memory just persist phoenix TV and then
which does stream stream assemble all
the shanks and stream it back to the
user using some the web streams API and
I'll be researching on that and then
also I think we have some kind of bug
because right at the end when every
every block gets persisted to the to the
index TV and in browser like the memory
champs like to develop I was testing it
with two gigabytes file and memory just
jumped to for [ __ ] [ __ ] bite I'll
still need to pinpoint wise actually
that happens and try to fix it and that
will be mostly it any questions for
Hoover
great thanks we go gar finally had a IP
of SD CTL pull request merge it was
awesome bug fixes what I'm working on
next is CLI tests for these bet swap PRS
I've got running around that get the
spec matching go which they finally do
there was a lot of tech debt in this
that we're finally catching up with my
block is I'm waiting on a release of
ipfs bit swap to expose the new ledger
for peer and then I can do the next
chunk of this okay RM on which is
matching the JavaScript and go
implementations so that's what I'm at
now
awesome any questions regarding so I was
working on rewriting lipid appear on the
voice because some people pointed out
the code was a bit complicated and I
also made a demo that the demo version
of pipetted uses zlib PDP removals
instead of WebSocket star for discovery
I demoed that on your own hands coil but
I would like he there was another call
again because the phone wasn't recorded
and I will I will be going to finish
that rewrite because there are some
missing things and I will work on
integrating this renewal discovery into
ipfs only p2p better
rasam anybody have any questions for
machi
okay anybody have any other questions
traversing you popped in you have
anything or just listening oh I just
listen all right
yeah if nobody has any other questions I
think we're good alright thanks everyone
bye-bye see you